README.md, before:

# README

Bourbon App - 'Bourbon Hunter'

Rails Portfolio Project

?This is a CRUD app built on Sinatra. It allows dog shelter employees to sign up using secure personal accounts to create adoptable dog listings. Users also have the ability to both edit and delete the listings they have created. Registered users can also view their home page with all the dog listings they have created.Each user must be logged in to have an access to their content. Unregistered web users can view the public index page with all adoptable dogs listed by all dog shelters.?

Features
A few of the things you can do with 'Bourbon Hunter':

View user activity feed
Communicate on your issue and pull request conversations
Close or lock issues
Apply labels and assignees
Review and merge pull requests
Create new issues
Star, watch and fork repositories
Control your unread and participating notifications
Easily search for any user or repository


Install instructions:
Fork and clone repo. Run bundle install to install all required gems.

Contributing Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at
https://github.com/lauraBo/rails_app_project This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the Contributor Covenant code of conduct.

MIT License

License Copyright (c) 2018 Laura Bodell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

edited Readme with more information on what the app can do

README.md, after:

# README

Bourbon App - 'Bourbon Hunter'

Rails Portfolio Project

‘Bourbon Hunter’ is a Ruby on Rails content management system used to create and manage Bourbon, Stockists and Distilleries.

Features
A few of the things you can do with 'Bourbon Hunter':


-Create a user account
-Log in via user account or Facebook account
-Create and manage Bourbons, Stockists and Distilleries
-Add notes to particular bourbons by specific stockists through a join table 


Install instructions:
Fork and clone repo.
Run bundle install to install all required gems.
Run rake db:migrate.
You will then need to create an account or signup with Facebook.  

Contributing Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at
https://github.com/lauraBo/rails_app_project This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the Contributor Covenant code of conduct.

MIT License

License Copyright (c) 2018 Laura Bodell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

GNU License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
  (at your option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
  GNU General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
